Okay. Let's take a look at the solution.
First of all, we're just running this through a loop.
So just to remind you that we're actually looping through,
and this letter S is just storing those sector categories which are these integers.
So first of all, we want to check if it's equal to that particular sector.
So remember we're looking at the all factors DataFrame,
and we're looking at the column sector code,
when it's equal to S. Then,
this thing itself returns a series of Booleans.
We're just going to convert that to an integer type.
Okay. That's what we were doing up here,
we took this equals operator which gives us a series of Booleans,
we convert that into integer.
Let's just store this in another column, so all factors.
Let's give it a certain column names.
I'm going to use the F-string in Python.
Sector code and S in curly braces.
So let's take a look at what happens there.
If I look at the columns now,
then if it worked out okay.
You can see here now I've sector code two, three, four,
five, all the way to 10 negative one.
Great. Please continue on with the lesson. Cheers.